MkvDrama.net
Stop running. I'm exhausted.
No one is chasing after us anymore.
Has my face recovered?
It's back to normal.
I've already given you the pill to keep your heart safe.
Why did you still rush over?
You did not take it, did you?
I ate.
The heart-protecting pill you gave me didn't work.
You lied to me again.
How could it be useless?
What are you doing now?
Don't move.
You really didn't take it?
What's wrong?
You didn't take it...
Were you worried about me?
You wanted to come save me at once.
I lost something.
I need to go look for it.
Where did you drop it?
Shen Miao.
Fireflies.
There are fireflies.
Tap lightly, like this.
Did you see that?
This is fluorescent light.
Pretty, isn't it?
Pretty.
You scared all my fireflies away.
Look.
Can you see these stars?
These stars glow too.
Imagine it.
The sky is now full of fireflies.
So many stars tonight.
Shen Miao.
Can you take me to the Jade Dust Palace?
I'm willing to believe your distance
has nothing to do with Shen Yuheng.
But something happened in the palace.
Whoever did it
must still be there.
And now you want to go back?
Are you out of your mind?
Isn't it because you're here?
If I'm in danger,
you'll be the first
to rush out and protect me.
The Crown Prince would do the same.
Yes.
Shen Yuheng would too.
Zhaohua, don't worry.
Whoever targeted Jiang Zhu today,
I will definitely catch him.
Fortunately, nothing serious happened.
but...
Your legs.
I can stand now,
but after examining it,
you still need to be careful.
Get more rest.
Are you...?
I'm really disappointed in you.
Disappointed in what?
Disappointed that Shen Yuheng
has lost himself?
But today,
You and Jiang Zhu were almost in danger.
I know
it was not you.
Until yesterday,
all I saw was the Crown Prince.
But now,
standing before me is
Shen Yuheng.
Do you want to see the stars?
What a pity.
The stars
are hidden by dark clouds.
But someone will still paint stars in your sky.
Your Highness.
Tonight's fireworks are called
The Stars Know Your Heart.
Imperial Uncle.
Who would've thought Prince Yan,
so cold on the outside,
Imperial Uncle.
If you want to learn riding, many can teach you.
Don't bother me.
Yuheng knew Imperial Uncle was heading to war.
You had no time to teach me riding.
Then why have you been following me?
Books say soldiers going to war
if they are remembered by family,
the gods will protect them.
Imperial Uncle.
May you return safely!
Yuheng misses you.
That little child,
barely as tall as my waist,
wasn't the Crown Prince.
After my mother died,
within those iron palace walls,
he was the only one
who treated me like family.
My nephew.
Aren't you going to show
your Little Auspicious Cloud the stars?
I found the real Little Auspicious Cloud.
Can you put stars in his eyes
and fulfill my promise?
Taisun You.
Shen Miao deserves them too.
Pretty, isn't it?
Since meeting you,
My world began to have color.
my life
has slowly grown warm.
Thank you,
Crimson.
By the way.
I took the lip rouge you used at the Flower Festival.
I took it.
The reason you felt unwell that day
was poison in it.
Poison?
Who poisoned me?
I don't know yet,
but
I smelled blood inside.
it must have come from the poisoner's accidental wound.
Blood must have fallen in by mistake.
Afterward,
I brought it to Zhaohua.
She has a way of finding out whose blood it is.
Sister Zhaohua is incredible.
She can identify whose blood it is?
Prince.
I've been back for quite some time now.
Could you please assign me some tasks to do?
I will not assign you anything.
Can't you find ways to keep yourself busy?
Then I'll go train the troops first.
Go.
Is it sweet?
This Hongyu Bone-Mending Ointment
in those imperial physicians' hands
It's such a waste!
My legs...
Zhaohua, you still need to treat me.
Look at me now,
walking much better.
Yet when I'm not around,
you walk just fine.
So,
you came today just to show me you can walk?
Some time ago,
There's something I did impulsively.
I was wrong.
I'm here to apologize to you.
Which thing?
This...
I forgot.
Forgot?
That means you've forgiven me.
Imperial Uncle has merit and prestige
and was once your betrothed.
I've always considered him a formidable rival.
I wanted to find leverage against him.
I was consumed by jealousy,
and by the struggle for power.
Blinded.
Shen Yuheng.
I stopped blaming you a long time ago.
I was only thinking
about the Flower Festival:
Who exactly is plotting against Jiang Zhu?
It should be him.
Do you know who it is?
Are you looking for this?
Prince.
Didn't you say
Did the assassin leave behind a piece of cloth?
I wanted to check
whether others were hiding behind that assassin.
Are there other people hiding?
That cloth was not suspicious.
You are.
MkvDrama.Net